Brent Montgomery presents market action
figure theatre Ted Knight narrating
meanwhile at the action figure trading
desk round ball yeah yeah yeah yeah look
at me make it a nice comeback in this
groupon I told you my group I would make
a comeback oh so now it's your coupon
huh yeah it's my groupon when it's going
my way I hear ya I told you social media
was the yeah the ship just like an
M huh Johnny listen it's over Johnny
this social media things just a fad
nothing is over I told you the stock
would be making strides in the next time
a future hey somebody say over yeah
rebel you got me involved in that Zynga
a couple weeks ago a couple of months
ago God came for a margin call it took
my hand Oh God his morphine hey
get a back to the bed Johnny I
happy Jonny help me help me yeah well I
don't know what the story is over there
but uh yeah I'm telling you man social
media next in facebook I'm excited
you're here it's over Johnny I thought I
said it's nothing is over beat it oh
that's right yeah yeah